A Special Day

It began suddenly, like most things do. One moment you're standing outside, enjoying the fresh air. There's a fresh cone of ice cream in your hand that you've been waiting all day to buy. But the moment you finally stop to have a bite, this happens. 

You walk forward, smile, and immediately get the wind knocked out of you by a thirty-foot vulture . . . in this case my brother. 

And you’re left wondering ‘What the heck did I do to deserve someone like this?’. 

It took me about 5 seconds to process all this before I ran full speed down Clearbrook Street. With the wind throwing hair in my eyes, I probably looked like a lost teenager running home after a bad hair day. But I assure you that this was not the case. 

If you were in my situation you would act the same way. Having spent fifteen hours: 5 hours taking exams, 5 hours preparing for those exams, and 5 hours recuperating (taking a nap); you would probably be feeling a little upset too if it was the end of the day and you decided to treat yourself to a little treat. In this case, my brother, who’s about as dumb and annoying as big brothers go, found it enjoyable to steal my chocolate ice cream cone which I paid $1.50 for. 

“Hey!” I yelled, watching in horror as my brother slid down a flight of steps. He disappeared inside the school with me on his tail. 

I felt rage boil inside my chest as I kicked open the door and screamed. “HEY!!!” 

Immediately everyone turned. Even though it was the end of school and exams were finished, for some reason there were still plenty of students in the hall going about their business. I felt the heat settle in my face as I looked down. Immediately, I walked into the first empty room. 

I entered the library as quietly as I could. The librarian giving me a look which I recognized so many times. 

I fantasized about what I would do when I found him. If only I were a few years older, then I would be the one in charge. If I were the big sister, then I could spend all day making my brother pay for every trick he pulled. I could lock him in his room, stuff him in his chair, and scroll through all the data on his phone when he wasn’t looking. Mom would have to listen to me! 

I sighed. I would have to be content with having my cousins listen to me. And they were only here around 2 times a year. Life was unfair. 

I heard a noise behind one of the doors. Immediately, I found him and locked my hands around his throat. 

“You Jerk!” I yelled, grasping tighter as his eyes bulged and he pleaded desperately. 

“What’s that?” I yelled, shaking him. “You thief! You murderer! I was looking forward to that ice cream all day and you went and ruined it! I even sacrificed my lunch just so I would have enough money to buy my stupid cream and you ruined it. You ruined it.” 

I sobbed. My body deflating, as I pressed my head forward into his chest. I should hate him, I really should. But right now, I just don’t want to care about anything. He’s my brother. I could never be mad at him. 

My heart sinks as my eyes become wet. I felt his arms wrap around me, pulling me close. His warm touch sending shivers down my spine as I cried. 

Today was a really bad day. 

In the end when I was all done crying, I looked up. For a moment, he looked concern, like when a parent comforts their child after never having seen them in so long. Then the expression faded, and he stood. 

And offered me a cone. 

“What?” I stared dumbfounded at the brown chocolate swirl sitting on top of the cone. It looked sweet and I imagined it would even taste so much better. Like heaven in my mouth . . . if the sugar didn’t kill me. 

I glanced up to see my brother smiling at me. The look from before was gone as he held out the treat and offered it to me. 

“Happy birthday Sis.” 

Today was a very special day to me.